Say Your Highness
The cavalry of the gold and silver army has arrived outside the city gate
Now facing off against 3,000 special forces
There's just a huge difference in numbers.
Well, that might not be good.
Please laugh with a eunuch to analyze the situation
I can see better than you
Why are you struggling to think?
It's a little early
My special forces are Pepe's missiles
You have seen the power of this missile
What if you have missiles?
That's 100,000 cavalry
You can't beat 3,000 troops
100,000 Iron Cavalry
Father is crazy
That's a genius
Not my kind
If at first
I didn't follow the same path as my father
I'm the one enjoying the care now, right?
Do you want to wait a little longer?
I see you're in a hurry. What are you waiting for?
Are you waiting for the news that you will be wiped out?
Report to Your Majesty, in the face of an astonishing attack
Special forces use firearms
A total of more than 3,000 guns were consumed
A shocking death toll of nearly 10,000
How is that possible?
What should I do?
It's just an appetizer
Your Highness, why are you here?
Didn't I tell you to guard the city gate tower?
Your Highness Ghost Handle
I have arranged for people to do business, and then I will come back to send the news.